Install Docs: Spack Env Update (#932)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/building/openpmd.rst

In order to install spack, you can simply do:

.. code-block:: bash

   git clone https://github.com/spack/spack.git

>    export SPACK_ROOT=/path/to/spack  # note: adjust this path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   export SPACK_ROOT=</path/to>/spack  # note: adjust the path to point to your spack repo location
```

Author: Good idea!
I am not 100% happy with the line since in reality it will be `$PWD/spack` at this point but in order to add it to `.bashrc`/`.bash_profile` configs (next sentence) one needs the absolute path again... let me add another idea.

Reviewer: Ah that makes sense yes!

>    git clone https://github.com/spack/spack.git
>    export SPACK_ROOT=/path/to/spack  # note: adjust this path
>    . $SPACK_ROOT/share/spack/setup-env.sh
> 
> (You may want to add the last 2 lines to your ``.bashrc`` file.)

Author: ```suggestion
   git clone https://github.com/spack/spack.git
   export SPACK_ROOT=$PWD/spack
   . $SPACK_ROOT/share/spack/setup-env.sh

You may want to auto-activate spack when you open a new terminal by adding this to your ``$HOME/.bashrc`` file:

.. code-block:: bash

   echo -e "# activate spack package manager\n. ${SPACK_ROOT}/share/spack/setup-env.sh" >> $HOME/.bashrc
```

Author: @LDAmorim how does this look to you?

Reviewer: It's perfect! Thanks @ax3l

WarpX Development Environment with Spack
----------------------------------------

> Create an activate a Spack environment with all software needed to build WarpX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create and activate a Spack environment with all software needed to build WarpX
```

.. code-block:: bash

   spack env create warpx-dev    # you do this once
   spack env activate warpx-dev
   spack add gmake
   spack add mpi

>    spack add openpmd-api

Reviewer: The change to the openpmd-api line is just because the `package.py` does not use python by default, right? If so, I don't know if it would be worth adding a note here to mention that for using openPMD-api to read output data in jupyter notebooks, then one would have to install the package in the conda environments with python. Instead of just load this spack environment ... Or maybe this is very obvious! Feel free to ignore this if you think so.

Author: This might be a bit confusing.
This is a developer environment to build a local version of WarpX, e.g. from `git`. As such, it does not use the mainline `package.py`.

There is another workflow called `dev-build` and `build-env` in Spack that can rely on the `package.py` but we are not yet doing that one here. The reason for that is that I have to finish some usability updates in Spack before I can recommend and introduce that alternative way of building environments. (See last slide of my recent intro with outlook/alternatives.)

Reviewer: Ah ok ok. Thanks for explaining it!
